Who is the person who took Shen Chengyide just now?
His name is Qu Shenshang
It's a police officer who specializes in divorce cases
It seems to be some young master of the Qu family
I saved his life five years ago
It seems that he has been looking for me
Since he treats you so well
Why don't you just marry him?
Mr. Shen, are you jealous?
Where do you get your confidence from?
Of course I won't marry anyone else
You are my heaven, my earth, my sweetheart
I said, what is this mouth of yours made of?
Speak so clearly
Is it because I love you?
Mr. Shen, please marry me
That's not possible.
Mr. Shen, I'm going to do a method here later. Hmm.
I originally shared a wisp of snacks on Shen Cang's body
I want to use him to investigate your mother's envelope
Unexpectedly, he was arrested by the police
Now I have to use snacks to unsheath
I went to the Shen family's old house in person to have a look.
Temporary unsheathing
Will it also be reversed?
Mr. Shen, are you worried about me?
If you kiss it, it will not be the opposite. Get out of the bridge.
It's so amazing to kiss
Mr. Shen, I will be here for a while, it may take a long time
If you're tired, you should go to sleep first
Mr. Shen is me